# Shower_Time_Pebble
Pebble Time App - Shower Time by Dale Flamm

The Shower Time app for the Pebble Smartwatch developed by Dale Flamm.
The basic functionality of this app is to provide an assistive technology
in the form of a stop watch that gives reminder notifications during
repetitive or potentially distracting tasks. Currently, this app has
been used to maintain focus on tasks from morning showers, to reminders
for repeated tasks such as stirring a pot every minute.

The notifications take the form of a haptic notification, and the
frequency of these notifications is adjustable. This app runs in its
current form with only basic functionality described above, butt is
currently being developed to work with a companion Android app which
will allows the user to have text in addition to haptic notifications,
set multiple timers with individualy set text reminders and notification
frequencies.

The current controls to use this app are, pressing the up button will
increase the interval of the notifications by 2 seconds, pressing and
holding up will increase the interval by 2 seconds for each half second
held. Double pressing up will increase the interval by 30 seconds. The
down button functions similar to the up button, but decreases the
interval. The middle or "select" button can be used in 3 ways. Pressing
the select button once will start or stop the timer, pressing it twice
resets the interval to 30 seconds, holding the select button resets
the timer.

For information regarding the Android companion app currently under
development please see the github for that application at:
https://github.com/tikiman163/Shower_Time_Advanced
